Activity 7 - Joins!
================

It is assumed that you have read Chapter 13 from R4DS and completed the
Join Data Sets Primer.

In this activity, you will:

-   Combine datasets that have similar structure using `bind_*`.
-   Join datasets that may have different structures using `*_join`.
-   Create new variables that are conditioned on another variable using
    `case_when`.
-   Visualize spatial data.

## ☑️ Task 1: The Workflow

![fork](README-img/fork-icon.png) **Fork** this repo and clone it to a
new [RStudio Project](https://rstudio.gvsu.edu/).

Remember that more detailed directions can be found in [Task 1 of
Activity
6](https://github.com/gvsu-sta518/activity06-pivoting#%EF%B8%8F-task-1-the-workflow).

<img src="README-img/noun_pause.png" alt="pause" width = "20"/>
<b>Planned Pause Point</b>: If you have any questions, contact your
instructor or another group.

## ☑️ Task 2: Complete the RMarkdown File

The `activity07-joins.Rmd` file contains the directions for this
activity. For the rest of this class period, you will complete the
RMarkdown document with your neighbor(s). Your instructor will be
circling and be available to help when needed.

Note that each person is working in their own repo. We are not worrying
about collaborating for the time being and instead will be working on
being more comfortable with the workflow for working between RStudio and
GitHub.

However, do not continue in this README document until you and your
neighbor(s) have completed your `.Rmd` files.

![Maps](https://media.giphy.com/media/5e7IgAQL94d6ooCi43/giphy.gif)

## ☑️ Task 3: Reflection

Take 5 minutes to write a reflection on what you feel confident in and
what you need to spend some time better understanding. What is one thing
you can do (or seek help with) to help clarify your current
misunderstandings?

Also, reflect on the past activities and how they align to our [Learning
Objectives](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vUo-GudmRnxBKLNijjh7yJwR4d1-J69TghWlyAV9qbs/edit?usp=sharing).
What can you now do? Where do this tasks/skills belong with respect to
an objective? Do we need to add any more example sub-objectives? Leave
your thoughts as comments in the previously linked Google Doc.

**Next**: Activity 8 will allow you to explore one or more of three
special variable types in R: strings, factors, and datetimes.
